(crowd cheering)
(crowd) Commons! Commons!
Commons!
Whoa.
This here Friendship Cup crowd
doesn't sound so friendly
anymore.
(crowd)
Commons! Commons! Commons!
Commons! Commons!
Uh, okay, well,
time to mosey on up to our next
big matchup,
and for that we've got an
oldie but a goodie for you:
Chojiro the Hero!
These new duel runner's
sure are fancy.
Back in my day, we dueled on
bicycles.
(Melissa, on P. A.) He was
one of the top duelists
when this cowgirl
was just a calf.
I wonder if this old dog has
learned any new tricks.
Chojiro.
I've been away
ten long years,
and I have missed you all!
But your hero is back
and better than ever!
(thinking)
And I have Yuya and my cellmates
to thank for that.
Yuya reminded me how much fun
dueling can be,
and my fellow friends risked
everything to help me escape.
And I owe them big time.
I owe them a win.
(Melissa)
Facing our senior dreamer
is the dueling diva,
Zuzu Boyle!
Zuzu!?
All right, Zuzu, remember
everything I taught you.
Step on the gas, go fast
and don't finish last.
Zuzu's gonna zig‐zag
her way to a win!
Somebody call my agent!
(Melissa)
Dueling in the Friendship Cup
for the first time is no rodeo.
I wonder what's racing
through her mind?
(thinking)
Yuya.
Oh, no,
One'll win, but the other
will lose.
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action,
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance,
go ahead and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go ahead and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Hey! Let me out of here!
I gotta stop the duel!
I can't let my friends
battle each other!
(Melissa)This is sure to be
one doozy of a duel, folks,
with newcomer Zuzu Boyle
takingon the legendary Hero
Chojiro.
This couldn't be worse.
No matter who wins,
one of my friends
is going to that underground
trash heap for good.
(thinking)
I must win for my fans to show
them dreams can come true.
It is most unfortunate that
I will be sentencing her
to a life of hard labor.
I'm sorry, young lady.
Excuse me?
(thinking)
What's he apologizing for?
Let's fire up
the Action Field...
Crossover Acceleration!
(computer voice)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot activated.
(Melissa)
On your mark...
get set...
Go!
Aah!
Let's duel!
Ugh! She needs some
training wheels!
(thinking)
How am I gonna drive and duel
when the only driving I'm used
to is Yuya driving me nuts!
(Melissa)
As our dukin' duelists speed
out of the first turn,
it's Hero Chojiro
who takes the lead!
That means he goes first!
My humble apologies,
but I must win.
From my hand I summon
Flower Cardian Pine!
I activate Flower Cardian Pine
with Crane's special ability!
It knocks my old card
to the curb.
Since Pine with Crane was
successfully summoned,
I draw another card!
But since it's not a Cardian,
I send it to my graveyard.
And now it's your turn,
young lady.
It's time for Miss Boyle
to battle!
(thinking) I hope Yuya's well
enough to watch my debut duel.
Here I go!
Since you have a monster,
but I don't,
I'm allowed to summon
the sweet sounding
Solo the Melodious Songstress.
She might not be allowed
to attack this turn,
but joining the stage is
the dynamic and dangerous
Opera the Melodious Diva!
(Melissa)
Zuzu's first moves sound a
little out of tune!
First she summons a monster
which has fewer attack
points
than Chojiro's
Pine with Crane.
Then she summons a diva that
has more attack points
but can't attack!
I activate Fortissimo!
This power‐packed spell gives
Solo the Melodious Songstress
600 extra attack points until
the next turn!
And that's music to my
Songstress' ears!
Let's go!
Solo the Melodious Songstress,
take out Pine with Crane!
Now that's what I can
a number one hit!
More like a one‐hit wonder.
Be careful.
That's it for now.
I end my turn.
Not bad.
That's why...
I'm so sorry.
He's apologizing again.
I wonder why.
I draw.
And I activate the spell card
Recardination!
It allows me to summon
one Cardian monster
from my graveyard!
Bloom again, Flower Cardian
Pine with Crane!
And now I activate the spell
card Sneaky Sleeve!
My Flower Cardian's level
blossoms to two.
Then I draw one card
from my deck.
(thinking)
If I draw the card I need,
it's the beginning of the end
for her.
But I must have the courage
to play it.
I draw!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry
that you're sorry?
I activate the spell
Super Koi Koi!
Game over.
That's the card that almost
slammed Yuya permanently
in their showdown
in the slammer.
Zuzu.
I will now draw three cards!
If any of them are
Flower Cardian's,
I can then summon them!
But if they're not, I have to
send them to the graveyard,
and I take 1,000 points
of damage for each card.
But that is a risk
well worth taking.
I draw!
Yes! I drew the card!
(groaning)
The second card.
Will I go two for two?
Yes, a second Cardian.
(crowd gasps)
And card number three!
Aah!
A Cardian indeed.
Well, rock my socks!
Hero Chojiro has just gone
three for three!
That's right!
I did it!
Hero Chojiro is back!
Due to Super Koi Koi's effect,
as these three Flower Cardians
bloom on my field,
their attack points drop to zero
and become Level 2.
That may sound terrible
to your ears,
but this is great news for me
because I'm now allowed
to tune them.
Behold, dueling at its
very best.
Dueling at its most powerful.
I Synchro Summon.
Rise, Level 8 Flower Cardian
Lightshower!
(cheering)
And now...
Lightshower, rain down on Solo
the Melodious Songstress!
Oh, no.
I'm done for.
Lightshower, rain down on Solo
the Melodious Songstress!
This doesn't look good.
Huh?
But that does!
An Action Card.
I'm playing this!
The Action Card Take Flight!
My Songstress' attack points
soar by 600!
Huh.
I thought that was gonna be
Zuzu's swan song,
but it looks like she's just
getting warmed up!
Excuse me!
Oh, no!
Talk about a chart‐toppin'
move!
Way to put the "zu"
in zoom, Zuzu!
I snagged...
another Take Flight!
So my Songstress' attack points
take off again!
(Melissa)
Zuzu's Songstress is now
stronger
than Chojiro's
Lightshower!
Oh, yeah? Well, two
can play at that game!
Gotcha!
(giggles)
I play the Action Spell
Miracle!
My monster's safe, and it cuts
the damage I take in half.
Impressive, young lady.
You really know how to
hang tough.
When I duel,
I duel for one reason...
To wow the crowd!
I admire the fire
in your eyes.
It is a shame that
I must... extinguish it.
Huh?
Once you draw, Lightshower deals
1,500 points of damage!
Sorry, but losing
is in the cards.
(Melissa)Looks like Zuzu's
been hogtied into dealing
herself damage.
I may be down,
but whatever happens,
I'll keep on fighting...
all the way!
That girl's sure got guts.
(Chojiro)
As promised, Lightshower deals
you 1,500 points of damage!
I admire you for
not giving up.
Just what is it
that keeps you going?
I'm sending a message
to someone.
A friend.
I know he's feeling pretty
down, for losing his duel.
But he has to remember
why he duels.
He duels to dueltain!
And I want to remind him,
that for us dueltainers,
it's always showtime!
It's time I take
center stage!
(gasps)
That sounds oddly familiar!
And it's time I take
center stage!
Oh, my!
Could this be the young lady
that Yuya's been looking for?
Now I'll tribute this duet
and combine them to summon a
whole new monster!
She'll blow you away with her
musical talent.
Ladies and gentlemen!
Magically appearing in their
place
is Mozarta the Melodious
Maestra!
By hitting the perfect note,
her special ability lets me
summon another Melodious Diva!
Aria the Melodious Diva,
let your voice ring loud and
proud for all to hear!
Zuzu's putting on a show
for the ages.
This act's got me singing the
blues and seeing red!
On with the show!
Thanks to the spell Fortissimo,
Mozarta the Melodious Maestra
gets an extra 600 attack points!
And with more points
comes more pizzazz!
Check out Mozarta's new
glittering, glamorous gown!
This Zuzu duels with style!
She's so got
the glam to slam.
Zuzu!
There's no doubt who this
crowd's rooting for!
Zuzu!
Show 'em how it's done!
Mozarta, bring down the house
with your most powerful strain!
Get set to belt one out!
Zuzu...
You're a hit.
I can be...
entertaining, too, you know?
Aah!
(crowd gasps)
(Zuzu)
Graceful Wave!
I play... Evasion!
To duck your monster's attack!
(Melissa)
What a move, y'all!
Amazing dueltaining.
Yuya would be proud!
(thinking)
He knows Yuya!
Hey, between us, I'm a huge
fan of your performance so far.
What else you got?
Any more musical moves?
Since my Aria missed
her attack before,
she can use her special ability
to reduce your life points
by 800!
Resonating Wave!
How's that?
Does it give you a case of the
goosepickles?
(both laughing)
(thinking)
You're watching, right, Yuya?
Huh?
(Zuzu)
You're not alone, ever.
Now hear this!
I activate the spell
Piping Pipes
and equip it onto Mozarta the
Melodious Maestra!
This spell shuts down damage
from your monster's special
ability,
and my Mozarta gains
the same number
of attack points
that it blocks!
What the what?
Pretty sweet!
Zuzu won't be taking any more
damage from Lightshower now.
I end my turn!
Hmph.
I'm up!
I play...
Super All In which returns
Lightshower to my Extra Deck!
Now for the real entertainment!
I'm bringing back all the
monsters I used
to Synchro Summon Lightshower!
Come back, Flower Cardian Pine
with Crane,
Zebragrass with Moon,
Paulownia with Phoenix and
Willow with Calligrapher!
And now, I draw one card.
And if it's a Flower Cardian,
then I can summon another
Level 2 monster!
However, if it's
not a Cardian,
all of the monsters on
my field are destroyed,
and I lose half of my life
points.
This is a huge gamble for
Chojiro!
If he don't get
the card he needs,
his goose is as good
as cooked!
This is a huge gamble for
Chojiro!
If he don't get
the card he needs,
his goose is as good
as cooked!
On with the show.
(thinking)
It all comes down to this draw.
Let us see what fate has decided
for our futures.
I draw!
I'm so sorry, Zuzu!
I drew Flower Cardian Cherry
Blossom with Curtain!
That makes five
Level 2 Flower Cardians.
Level 2 Willow with
Calligrapher
tunes Level 2 Flower Cardian
Cherry Blossom with Curtain,
Pine with Crane,
Zebragrass with Moon
and Paulownia with Phoenix!
Behold, as five blinding beams
become one beacon of light!
I Synchro Summon...
Flower Cardian Lightflare!
5,000 attack points!
If Lightflare attacks Aria, all
your life points will be gone!
That's true.
But thanks to Piping Pipes's
effect,
you're only allowed to attack
Mozarta!
I am?
All right, but your Maestra's
getting the hook!
Sorry!
Lightflare!
Take out Mozarta!
An Action Card!
(crowd cheering)
Now I activate Overpass!
When our monsters battle, they
swap their attack points!
That's a super switcheroo!
I activate Lightflare's
special ability!
It stops your spell card
from being activated
and slices it to pieces!
Oh, no.
Destroy Mozarta!
Since Flower Cardian Lightflare
negates all of your spells,
grabbing Action Cards cannot
help you out anymore
for the rest of this duel!
Making a comeback just got
a whole lot harder.
(Melissa)
Zuzu's turnaround just turned
around again,
and she's in trouble with a
capital "T"!
Well I'm gonna turn this "T"
into a "W".
It's time to floor this crowd!
My turn!
(shouting)
I summon Soprano the Melodious
Songstress!
My Soprano's special ability
lets me Fusion Summon without
using Polymerization
Lucky.
Seems this duel hung on that
draw,
and you got just what you
needed.
I fuse Aria the Melodious Diva
with Soprano the Melodious
Songstress!
Together you'll sing a
sensational duet
that will form an even more
melodious monster!
I Fusion Summon!
Blossom in the spotlight with
a song of victory,
Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir!
♪ La la la la ♪
She can Fusion Summon.
My, my.
Bloom Diva!
Belt one out and attack his
Lightflare!
Is Zuzu insane?!
Why would she have a monster
with 1,000 attack points
take on one with
5,000 attack points?
'Cause this card can't be
destroyed in battle,
and Chojiro takes the damage
that I would have taken instead,
plus his monster is destroyed!
It's over!
No, it is not!
Lightflare also shuts down
the special abilities
of the monster it's battling!
(Melissa)
It looks like Zuzu's strategy
to save herself fell flat
and Chohijro's
still on top!
Not for long!
Aah!
Why did she grab that?
(thinking)
Here I go.
I play the Action Spell
Overpass!
Didn't I tell you already
that you can't play spells
against me?
I'm wondering if that
helmet's too tight,
'cause Zuzu should know by now
that there's no point
in playing Action Cards.
It's over, young lady.
No, it's just
getting started.
Say what?
I send Score the Melodious Diva
to the graveyard
to activate her special ability!
By banishing two copies of
the same spell card,
I can activate its effect!
(growling)
Overpass, do your thing and lay
down the road to victory!
♪ La la la la la ♪
And your Lightflare's
special ability
can do nothing to stop this!
Due to Overpass' effect,
when our monsters battle,
their attack points are swapped!
Bloom Diva!
Wrecking Refrain!
Aah!
(Melissa)
It's over!
In one of the most shocking,
come from‐behind victories ever,
Zuzu has won this duel!
I won.
Zuzu!
You did it, Zuzu.
Way to duel.
Congratulations, young lady.
Thank you.
Do you...
So you know my friend Yuya?
I suspect he's more
than just a friend.
Aah!
Uhh!
Now, I'm sorry.
(giggles)
(crowd cheering)
You're still our hero!
You still got it!
You're no zero!
A duel is the same as life,
my friends!
Some days, you win,
some days, you lose.
What's important is to enjoy
the journey!
Huh?
Now, I must go.
Chojiro.
(thinking)
Well, Yuya, I hope this duel
makes you want to swing into
action.
Thanks, Zuzu.
You were awesome.
I hope I can be awesome,
just like you are.